These two women,
You choose one and let me die,
You can live.
You choose your sister, she will still be your king, I don’t care. careful,
If you don’t choose again,
I fought them both to death and took action,
I choose him.
You want to count in my heart,
Since I will die in this powerful place, my lord, God,
Really ignorant.
I. both long,
Su Qing was appointed as Prince,
Blow me, this,
What should I do if I stay like this?
The prince has to stay and do his studies.
Please ask Dr. Wang because the website wants me.
I asked you to have me, right?
I haven’t dug yet or not.
It seems that Su Qin is a little bit serious.
Who asked him to choose his luck and break into that bad guy? I'll do it